CNV#13682: Added procedure for OVN-K localnet topology (#70729)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/vm_networking/virt-networking-overview.adoc

xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-ovn-secondary-network.adoc#virt-connecting-vm-to-ovn-secondary-network[Connecting a virtual machine to an OVN-Kubernetes secondary network]::

> You can connect a VM to an Open Virtual Network (OVN)-Kubernetes secondary network. {VirtProductName} supports the flat layer 2 and localnet topologies for OVN-Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect a VM to an Open Virtual Network (OVN)-Kubernetes secondary network. {VirtProductName} supports the `layer2` and `localnet` topologies for OVN-Kubernetes.
```

Author: See my comment above about the backticks

+
--
* A layer 2 topology connects workloads by a cluster-wide logical switch. The OVN-Kubernetes Container Network Interface (CNI) plug-in uses the Geneve (Generic Network Virtualization Encapsulation) protocol to create an overlay network between nodes. You can use this overlay network to connect VMs on different nodes, without having to configure any additional physical networking infrastructure.

> * A localnet topology connects the secondary network to the physical underlay. This enables both east-west cluster traffic and access to services running outside the cluster, but it requires additional configuration of the underlying Open vSwitch (OVS) bridge on cluster nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A localnet topology connects the secondary network to the physical underlay. This enables both east-west cluster traffic and access to services running outside the cluster, but it requires additional configuration of the underlying Open vSwitch (OVS) system on cluster nodes.
```
